should I swear I will
Paris when it's sizzle what kind of a
picture is it well just for openers it's
a tender tender love story with monsters
spies international jewel thieves school
moms Daredevils cops and robbers school
roms sex pots beatniks a girl who stole
the Eiffel Tower and William Holden and
Audrey Hepburn who go absolutely ape in
Paris when it sizzles what exactly do
you have to do to extract this plan
anything anything anything it's not so
hard I too in my own way of course I'm a
highly paid professional
I know why you keep nibbling on my neck
you're some kind of a werewolf no no my
dear
I'm a vampire I'm not that kind of a
girl
oh I can't stand girls who say things
like that you must be the new schoolmarm
William Holden and Audrey Hepburn go
absolutely ape in Paris when its system
and you'll go absolutely 8:2 when you
join them in Paris when it sizzles
you